2.a) Answer questions 1-4
1. What is the 48-bit Ethernet address of your computer?
	My Ethernet address is a8:bb:cf:18:be:62.

2. What is the 48-bit destination address in the Ethernet frame? Is this the Ethernet address of gaia.cs.umass.edu? What device has this as its Ethernet address?
	The destination address is 00:00:0c:07:ac:1f. This is not the Ethernet address of gaia.cs.umass.edu, instead it is the address of my router.

3. Give the hexadecimal value for the two-byte Frame type field. What upper layer protocol does this correspond to?
	The hexadecimal Frame type value is “Type: IPv4 (0x0800), and it is IP protocol. 

4. How many bytes from the very start of the Ethernet frame does the ASCII "G" in "GET" appear in the Ethernet frame?
	The “G” appears 51 bytes from the start of the frame.

2.b) Why is an ARP query sent within a broadcast frame? Why is an ARP response sent within a frame with a specific destination MAC address?
	Because the host sending the query does not know the MAC address of the IP address that is being sent to. But when the response is sent, the destination address is already known, so there is no need to send a broadcast.

2.c) Answer questions 12-15
12.
a. How many bytes from the very beginning of the Ethernet frame does the ARP opcode field begin?
	The opcode begins 20 bites from the beginning of the frame.

b. What is the value of the opcode field within the ARP-payload part of the Ethernet frame in which an ARP request is made?
	0x0001 is the value of the opcode field.

c. Does the ARP message contain the IP address of the sender?
	Yes it does.

d. Where in the ARP request does the "question" appear - the Ethernet address of the machine whose corresponding IP address is being queried?
	The “question” appears in the MAC address target at 00:00:00:00:00:00.

13.
a. How many bytes from the very beginning of the Ethernet frame does the ARP opcode field begin?
	This opcode also begins 20 bytes from the beginning of the frame.

b. What is the value of the opcode field within the ARP-payload part of the Ethernet frame in which an ARP response is made?
	The hexadecimal value of the opcode field is 0x0002.

c. Where in the ARP message does the "answer" to the earlier ARP request appear - the IP address of the machine having the Ethernet address whose corresponding IP address is being queried?
	The “answer” appears in the source MAC address target at a8:bb:cf:18:be:62.

14. What are the hexadecimal values for the source and destination addresses in the Ethernet frame containing the ARP reply message?
	The source address is a8:bb:cf:18:be:62 and the destination address is a0:f3:c1:f8:6d:f9.

15. The first and second ARP packets in this trace correspond to an ARP request sent by the computer running Wireshark, and the ARP reply sent to the computer running Wireshark by the computer with the ARP-requested Ethernet address. But there is yet another computer on this network, as indicated by packet 6 - another ARP request. Why is there no ARP reply (sent in response to the ARP request in packet 6) in the packet trace?
	There is no ARP reply sent to this packet because it is a broadcast, and the ARP reply is sent straight to the computer that made the ARP request.

2.d) What is the default amount of time that an entry remains in your ARP cache before being removed? You can determine this empirically (by monitoring the cache contents), or by looking this up in your operation system documentation. Indicate how/where you determined this value.
